README.md, before:

# vue-material-kickstart

A simple vue kickstarter with pre-installed **[Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/)** for material design components, **[Vue-Router](https://router.vuejs.org/)** for routing between different components, **[Vuex](https://vuex.vuejs.org/)** for state management through multiple components, **[Vue-Meta](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-cli-plugin-meta)** for dynamically handling meta tags for different components, **[Axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-cli-plugin-axios)** for handling ajax requests or fetching data from API endpoints, **[E2E-Cypress](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli/tree/dev/packages/%40vue/cli-plugin-e2e-cypress)** for end to end testing of UI and **[Jest](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli/tree/dev/packages/%40vue/cli-plugin-unit-jest)** for unit testing and integration testing.

This kickstarter is compatible with vue-cli and you can add or remove plugins and dependencies using the same

### Install dependencies (Project Setup)*
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and launches in browser + hot-reloads for development
```
npm start
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Run your tests
```
npm run test
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```

## Vue-cli
If you want to use vue-cli for this project, make sure vue-cli is installed in your system. Steps for installing and upgrading vue-cli can be found [here](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/installation.html). Check if vue-cli is properly installed using `vue --version`

### Add a plugin/ dependency (package) using vue-cli
```
vue add <package-name>
```
**Note**: Packages can also be added using vue-ui

### Launch vue ui for configuration of app and installation of packages
```
vue ui
```

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

Commit message:

Added some markdown and modified the code

README.md, after:

# vue-material-kickstart

A simple vue kickstarter with pre-installed **[Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/)** for material design components, **[Vue-Router](https://router.vuejs.org/)** for routing between different components, **[Vuex](https://vuex.vuejs.org/)** for state management through multiple components, **[Vue-Meta](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-cli-plugin-meta)** for dynamically handling meta tags for different components, **[Axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-cli-plugin-axios)** for handling ajax requests or fetching data from API endpoints, **[E2E-Cypress](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli/tree/dev/packages/%40vue/cli-plugin-e2e-cypress)** for end to end testing of UI and **[Jest](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli/tree/dev/packages/%40vue/cli-plugin-unit-jest)** for unit testing and integration testing.

This kickstarter is compatible with vue-cli and you can add or remove plugins and dependencies using the same. Also there is fade transition added to router-view by default in src/App.vue for smooth transition between different pages

### Install dependencies (Project Setup)*
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and launches in browser + hot-reloads for development
```
npm start
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Run e2e (End to End) tests (With e2e-cypress)
```
npm run test:e2e
```

### Run unit tests (With jest)
```
npm run test:unit
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```

## Vue-cli
If you want to use vue-cli for this project, make sure vue-cli is installed in your system. Steps for installing and upgrading vue-cli can be found [here](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/installation.html). Check if vue-cli is properly installed using `vue --version`

### Add a plugin/ dependency (package) using vue-cli
```
vue add <package-name>
```
**Note**: Packages can also be added using vue-ui

### Launch vue ui for configuration of app and installation of packages
```
vue ui
```

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).
